Switching the format of the Training module to JupyterBook (#49)
hsf-training/hsf-training-ssh-webpage: index.md

# Introduction to SSH

Secure Shell (SSH) is a protocol to access other computers e.g., it allows logging in to a remote computer. It is commonly used in HEP when accessing remote computers.

## Prerequisites

> Basic knowledge of the Unix Shell, e.g., from the [carpentry course](https://swcarpentry.github.io/shell-novice/)

Reviewer: Should we link to our Unix tutorial instead?

Author: ```suggestion
Basic knowledge of the Unix Shell, e.g., from the [HSF Training course](https://hsf-training.github.io/hsf-training-unix-shell/00-setup.html)
```
